Update the homepage and section indexs of docs (#187)
canonical/httprequest-lego-provider: charm/docs/explanation/index.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:

>     "description lang=en": "Explanatory material and background for the HTTP request Lego provider charm."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "description lang=en": "Conceptual material and background for the HTTP request Lego provider charm, including security."
```
nit

---

> 
> (explanation_index)=
> # Explanation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(explanation_index)=

# Explanation
```
nit
